I
see that kid the one dreaming of serving
his country that jarhead is me don't
worry listen up Saddam Hussein has just
said the mother of all battles is upon
us we are now Operation Desert Storm and
we're the righteous hammer of God and
that hammer is comin down I was hooked
good luck now goodbye now you will train
you will hydrate and you will maintain a
constant state of suspicious alertness
we're all
Oh
so no way because a double shot
shower gel or a few alone allegiant
breath welcome to the suck got some away
because tryna break
crazy
and I don't think
I love this job I thank God for every
day that he gives me in the core oh well
god show me away because the devil
trying to break me down